Mathematics Syllabus (50 Questions):

Set Theory:

Concept of sets – Union, Intersection, Elementary counting, 
Cardinality, permutations and combinations.

Probability and Statistics:

Basic concepts of probability theory, Dependent and independent events, 
Averages, frequency distributions, measures of central tendencies and dispersions.

Coordinate Geometry:

Rectangular Cartesian coordinates, distance formulae, equation of a line, 
and intersection of lines, equations of a circle, parabola, ellipse, pair of straight lines, and hyperbola.

Algebra:

Fundamental operations in algebra, factorization, expansions, 
simultaneous linear /quadratic equations, arithmetic, indices, 
logarithms, geometric and harmonic progressions, determinants and matrices.

Calculus:

Limit of functions, continuous function, differentiation of function, 
Integration of functions by parts, by substitution and by partial fraction, 
tangents and normals, simple examples of maxima and minima, definite integrals, 
applications of definite integrals to areas.

Trigonometry:

Simple identities, solution of triangles, 
heights and distances, trigonometric equations properties of triangles, 
general solutions of trigonometric equations.

Vectors:

Position vector, addition and subtraction of vectors, scalar and vector products 
and their applications to simple geometrical problems and mechanics.

Analytical Ability & Logical Reasoning Syllabus (40 Questions):
Questions in this section will cover logical situation and questions based on the 
facts given in the passage.


Computer Awareness Syllabus (10 Questions):

Computer Awareness:

Organization of a computer, structure of instructions in CPU, 
input/output devices, Central Processing Unit (CPU), computer memory, 
and back-up devices.

Data Representation:

Representation of characters, integers and fractions, binary and hexadecimal 
representations, simple arithmetic and two’s complement arithmetic, 
floating point representation of numbers, binary arithmetic: addition, 
subtraction, multiplication, division, Boolean algebra, truth tables, Venn diagrams.

General English Syllabus (20 Questions):


The questions in this section will be designed to test candidate’s 
general understanding of the English language.

The question will be asked from these topics: Comprehension, vocabulary, 
meaning of words and phrases, Basic English Grammar, synonyms and antonyms, word power, technical writing.